A. Explain why Pokemon should be an abstract class

    Pokemon should be an abstract class because instances of that class should never be instantiated. Pokemon is a category, not a class.
It provides certain characteristics but should is missing some key details that a pokemon needs such as the type of pokemon, what
subclass it is, and characteristics that are selective to only that type. Another example of an abstract class would be food. You would
never create an object that is simply food, it would fit into certain categories, then sub-categories and sometimes even further.

    An abstract class also provides instructions to a future editor, user, or reader of your code. It tells them that this class is 
simply a main categorie not a class of itself. This would provide furthur clarification and clarity of your code allowing you to become
a better programmer.

B. Explain why inheriting from Pokemon is useful

    Inheriting from a pokemon is useful because it allows certain code to be saved from being rewritten. You could have simply took all 
the methods and variables from the pokemon class and added them to each seperate pokemon class, but problems arise with that scenario.

    One, if you wish to make a slight adjustment to one of those methods or variables it requires you to go into each of your classes to rewrite
all those changes versus simply making the slight adjustment to the main class. Two, it also allows more clear reading of your code allowing
the reader to not be overwhelmed by all the methodes and variables stuffed into each class instead of most of it being organized into the
parent class. Third, one of the main rules of coding is to never repeat yourself, and if you do not make a parent-child class setup you are
doomed to break this rule at some point.

C. Explain an example of method polymorphism in your code

    I used method polymorphism for each of the constructers for each of the classes. For each class I had two constructures, a 
default one that set the standard variables to something pretty common for that pokemon, for the second I allowed for the coder to add in their
own values to customize the pokemon instead of having to write the code to customize it later using the set functions.

D. Explain an example of subtype polymorphism in your code

    I used subtype polymorphism when I defined an abstract attack method in the parent Pokemon class, and had each child Pokémon class override 
it with unique behavior. When I call attack on a Pokemon reference, Java dynamically selects the appropriate method implementation based on the 
actual type of Pokémon. This allows each subclass of pokemon to define its specific attack functionality.

E. Explain why you made one of your methods public

    In all of my getters and setters in the main pokemon class I wanted to make those methods public because it would allow the user to access
all of those variables. If those methods were not public then the user would not be able to access all of the private variables that I had defined
in my pokemon class.

    I also made another function in the main method that made two pokemon fight each other until one of them was dead. I named this method fight
and I decided to make it public becuase in case I decided to expand my code to different functions and differnet scenarios it would be useful
to call this function in those other classes because fighting is such a crucial element of the game.

F. Explain why you made one of your instance variables private

    All of my instance variables in the pokemon class are private because it provided future coders with instrunctions that these variables should
not change often. For example, the name of a pokemon does not change very often because it is such a critical part of thier identity. I added in public
getter and setters though in the case that the variables needed to be changed in the future. Like in the actual game of pokemon, I assume that you are
allowed to change your pokemon's name, but it does not happen very often